Add documents for simulation (#61)
ut-issl/s2e-documents: Specifications/Simulation/Spec_SampleCase.md

   - `src/simulation/case/simulation_case.cpp, .hpp`
     - The `SimulationCase` class is defined here.
   - `src/s2e.cpp`
     - The instance of the `SampleCase` class is made in this main function.

## 2. How to make user defined simulation scenario
- `sample_case.hpp`
  - Define user defined simulation case class. We use `SampleCase` class here.
  - Inherit the `SimulationCase` class.
    - Users need to define override functions for all pure virtual functions of the `SimulationCase` class.
  - Add spacecraft and/or ground station as users need into the member variables.
    - If users simulate multiple spacecraft, users can add several spacecraft here.
      - Multiple spacecraft case, you can refer the [s2e-ff](https://github.com/ut-issl/s2e-ff)

- `sample_case.cpp`
  - Write detailed process of the override functions
  - Constructor
    - Usually, users just need to initialize the constructor of `SimulationCase`.
  - Destructor
    - Users need to `delete` your defined members `spacecraft` and `ground_station`.
  - `InitializeTargetObjects` function
    - You have to make instances of your `spacecraft` and `ground_station` class here.

>     - You also need to register log out put by `LogSetup` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You also need to register log output by `LogSetup` function.
```

Author: fixed
